Edit Vue SDK content. (#2498)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: src/pages/quickstart/builder/embedded-wallets/vue/stepContent/installation.mdx

### Install MetaMask Embedded Wallets SDK

Install the MetaMask Embedded Wallets SDK (Web3Auth) package in your project.

> Additionally, for blockchain calls, we're using `@wagmi/vue` and `@tanstack/vue-query` for this example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, install `@wagmi/vue` and `@tanstack/vue-query` for blockchain calls.
```
